echo50.min             4.6 us     send 50B message, receive 50B message minimum
echo53.min             4.6 us     send 53B message, receive 53B message minimum
echo56.min             4.6 us     send 56B message, receive 56B message minimum
echo60.min             4.6 us     send 60B message, receive 60B message minimum
echo64.min             4.6 us     send 64B message, receive 64B message minimum
echo68.min             4.7 us     send 68B message, receive 68B message minimum
echo72.min             4.6 us     send 72B message, receive 72B message minimum
echo77.min             4.7 us     send 77B message, receive 77B message minimum
echo81.min             4.7 us     send 81B message, receive 81B message minimum
echo87.min             4.7 us     send 87B message, receive 87B message minimum
echo92.min             4.9 us     send 92B message, receive 92B message minimum
echo100.min            4.9 us     send 100B message, receive 100B message minimum
echo109.min            4.9 us     send 109B message, receive 109B message minimum
echo119.min            5.0 us     send 119B message, receive 119B message minimum
echo130.min            5.0 us     send 130B message, receive 130B message minimum
echo141.min            5.1 us     send 141B message, receive 141B message minimum
echo154.min            5.1 us     send 154B message, receive 154B message minimum
echo168.min            5.2 us     send 168B message, receive 168B message minimum
echo183.min            5.3 us     send 183B message, receive 183B message minimum
echo199.min            5.4 us     send 199B message, receive 199B message minimum
echo217.min            5.4 us     send 217B message, receive 217B message minimum
echo222.min            5.4 us     send 222B message, receive 222B message minimum
echo227.min            5.5 us     send 227B message, receive 227B message minimum
echo232.min            5.5 us     send 232B message, receive 232B message minimum
echo237.min            5.5 us     send 237B message, receive 237B message minimum
echo243.min            5.5 us     send 243B message, receive 243B message minimum
echo248.min            5.5 us     send 248B message, receive 248B message minimum
echo254.min            5.6 us     send 254B message, receive 254B message minimum
echo259.min            5.6 us     send 259B message, receive 259B message minimum
echo265.min            5.6 us     send 265B message, receive 265B message minimum
echo271.min            5.7 us     send 271B message, receive 271B message minimum
echo274.min            5.6 us     send 274B message, receive 274B message minimum
echo277.min            5.7 us     send 277B message, receive 277B message minimum
echo279.min            5.7 us     send 279B message, receive 279B message minimum
echo282.min            5.7 us     send 282B message, receive 282B message minimum
echo285.min            5.7 us     send 285B message, receive 285B message minimum
echo288.min            5.7 us     send 288B message, receive 288B message minimum
echo291.min            5.7 us     send 291B message, receive 291B message minimum
echo294.min            5.8 us     send 294B message, receive 294B message minimum
echo297.min            5.7 us     send 297B message, receive 297B message minimum
echo300.min            5.8 us     send 300B message, receive 300B message minimum
echo303.min            5.8 us     send 303B message, receive 303B message minimum
echo305.min            5.8 us     send 305B message, receive 305B message minimum
echo308.min            5.8 us     send 308B message, receive 308B message minimum
echo310.min            5.8 us     send 310B message, receive 310B message minimum
echo313.min            5.8 us     send 313B message, receive 313B message minimum
echo315.min            5.8 us     send 315B message, receive 315B message minimum
echo318.min            5.8 us     send 318B message, receive 318B message minimum
echo321.min            5.9 us     send 321B message, receive 321B message minimum
echo323.min            5.9 us     send 323B message, receive 323B message minimum
echo326.min            5.9 us     send 326B message, receive 326B message minimum
echo331.min            5.9 us     send 331B message, receive 331B message minimum
echo335.min            5.9 us     send 335B message, receive 335B message minimum
echo340.min            6.0 us     send 340B message, receive 340B message minimum
echo345.min            6.0 us     send 345B message, receive 345B message minimum
echo350.min            6.0 us     send 350B message, receive 350B message minimum
echo355.min            6.0 us     send 355B message, receive 355B message minimum
echo360.min            6.0 us     send 360B message, receive 360B message minimum
echo365.min            6.0 us     send 365B message, receive 365B message minimum
echo371.min            6.1 us     send 371B message, receive 371B message minimum
echo376.min            6.1 us     send 376B message, receive 376B message minimum
echo381.min            6.1 us     send 381B message, receive 381B message minimum
echo385.min            6.1 us     send 385B message, receive 385B message minimum
echo390.min            6.1 us     send 390B message, receive 390B message minimum
echo395.min            6.2 us     send 395B message, receive 395B message minimum
echo400.min            6.2 us     send 400B message, receive 400B message minimum
echo405.min            6.2 us     send 405B message, receive 405B message minimum
echo410.min            6.2 us     send 410B message, receive 410B message minimum
echo415.min            6.3 us     send 415B message, receive 415B message minimum
echo420.min            6.3 us     send 420B message, receive 420B message minimum
echo425.min            6.3 us     send 425B message, receive 425B message minimum
echo430.min            6.3 us     send 430B message, receive 430B message minimum
echo435.min            6.3 us     send 435B message, receive 435B message minimum
echo441.min            6.4 us     send 441B message, receive 441B message minimum
echo446.min            6.4 us     send 446B message, receive 446B message minimum
echo452.min            6.4 us     send 452B message, receive 452B message minimum
echo457.min            6.4 us     send 457B message, receive 457B message minimum
echo463.min            6.4 us     send 463B message, receive 463B message minimum
echo468.min            6.5 us     send 468B message, receive 468B message minimum
echo474.min            6.5 us     send 474B message, receive 474B message minimum
echo480.min            6.6 us     send 480B message, receive 480B message minimum
echo491.min            6.6 us     send 491B message, receive 491B message minimum
echo502.min            6.7 us     send 502B message, receive 502B message minimum
echo513.min            6.8 us     send 513B message, receive 513B message minimum
echo525.min            6.8 us     send 525B message, receive 525B message minimum
echo537.min            6.8 us     send 537B message, receive 537B message minimum
echo549.min            6.8 us     send 549B message, receive 549B message minimum
echo561.min            7.0 us     send 561B message, receive 561B message minimum
echo574.min            6.9 us     send 574B message, receive 574B message minimum
echo587.min            7.0 us     send 587B message, receive 587B message minimum
echo600.min            7.0 us     send 600B message, receive 600B message minimum
echo607.min            7.1 us     send 607B message, receive 607B message minimum
echo615.min            7.1 us     send 615B message, receive 615B message minimum
echo623.min            7.2 us     send 623B message, receive 623B message minimum
echo630.min            7.2 us     send 630B message, receive 630B message minimum
echo638.min            7.2 us     send 638B message, receive 638B message minimum
echo646.min            7.3 us     send 646B message, receive 646B message minimum
echo654.min            7.3 us     send 654B message, receive 654B message minimum
echo662.min            7.3 us     send 662B message, receive 662B message minimum
echo671.min            7.4 us     send 671B message, receive 671B message minimum
echo679.min            7.4 us     send 679B message, receive 679B message minimum
echo685.min            7.4 us     send 685B message, receive 685B message minimum
echo690.min            7.5 us     send 690B message, receive 690B message minimum
echo696.min            7.4 us     send 696B message, receive 696B message minimum
echo702.min            7.5 us     send 702B message, receive 702B message minimum
echo707.min            7.5 us     send 707B message, receive 707B message minimum
echo713.min            7.5 us     send 713B message, receive 713B message minimum
echo719.min            7.6 us     send 719B message, receive 719B message minimum
echo725.min            7.6 us     send 725B message, receive 725B message minimum
echo731.min            7.6 us     send 731B message, receive 731B message minimum
echo737.min            7.6 us     send 737B message, receive 737B message minimum
echo743.min            7.7 us     send 743B message, receive 743B message minimum
echo749.min            7.7 us     send 749B message, receive 749B message minimum
echo755.min            7.7 us     send 755B message, receive 755B message minimum
echo762.min            7.7 us     send 762B message, receive 762B message minimum
echo768.min            7.8 us     send 768B message, receive 768B message minimum
echo774.min            7.8 us     send 774B message, receive 774B message minimum
echo781.min            7.8 us     send 781B message, receive 781B message minimum
echo787.min            7.9 us     send 787B message, receive 787B message minimum
echo793.min            7.8 us     send 793B message, receive 793B message minimum
echo800.min            7.9 us     send 800B message, receive 800B message minimum
echo808.min            7.9 us     send 808B message, receive 808B message minimum
echo816.min            8.0 us     send 816B message, receive 816B message minimum
echo825.min            8.0 us     send 825B message, receive 825B message minimum
echo833.min            8.1 us     send 833B message, receive 833B message minimum
echo841.min            8.1 us     send 841B message, receive 841B message minimum
echo850.min            8.1 us     send 850B message, receive 850B message minimum
echo859.min            8.2 us     send 859B message, receive 859B message minimum
echo867.min            8.2 us     send 867B message, receive 867B message minimum
echo876.min            8.3 us     send 876B message, receive 876B message minimum
echo885.min            8.3 us     send 885B message, receive 885B message minimum
echo900.min            8.3 us     send 900B message, receive 900B message minimum
echo914.min            8.4 us     send 914B message, receive 914B message minimum
echo929.min            8.5 us     send 929B message, receive 929B message minimum
echo945.min            8.5 us     send 945B message, receive 945B message minimum
echo960.min            8.5 us     send 960B message, receive 960B message minimum
echo976.min            8.6 us     send 976B message, receive 976B message minimum
echo992.min            8.7 us     send 992B message, receive 992B message minimum
echo1009.min           8.8 us     send 1009B message, receive 1009B message minimum
echo1025.min           8.9 us     send 1025B message, receive 1025B message minimum
echo1042.min           8.9 us     send 1042B message, receive 1042B message minimum
echo1063.min           9.0 us     send 1063B message, receive 1063B message minimum
echo1085.min           9.1 us     send 1085B message, receive 1085B message minimum
echo1108.min           9.2 us     send 1108B message, receive 1108B message minimum
echo1130.min           9.2 us     send 1130B message, receive 1130B message minimum
echo1154.min           9.4 us     send 1154B message, receive 1154B message minimum
echo1177.min           9.4 us     send 1177B message, receive 1177B message minimum
echo1201.min           9.6 us     send 1201B message, receive 1201B message minimum
echo1226.min           9.7 us     send 1226B message, receive 1226B message minimum
echo1251.min           9.8 us     send 1251B message, receive 1251B message minimum
echo1277.min           9.9 us     send 1277B message, receive 1277B message minimum
echo1290.min           9.9 us     send 1290B message, receive 1290B message minimum
echo1303.min          10.0 us     send 1303B message, receive 1303B message minimum
echo1316.min          10.0 us     send 1316B message, receive 1316B message minimum
echo1330.min          10.1 us     send 1330B message, receive 1330B message minimum
echo1343.min          10.2 us     send 1343B message, receive 1343B message minimum
echo1357.min          10.2 us     send 1357B message, receive 1357B message minimum
echo1371.min          10.3 us     send 1371B message, receive 1371B message minimum
echo1385.min          10.3 us     send 1385B message, receive 1385B message minimum
echo1399.min          10.4 us     send 1399B message, receive 1399B message minimum
echo1413.min          10.4 us     send 1413B message, receive 1413B message minimum
echo1425.min          10.5 us     send 1425B message, receive 1425B message minimum
echo1436.min          10.6 us     send 1436B message, receive 1436B message minimum
echo1448.min          10.6 us     send 1448B message, receive 1448B message minimum
echo1460.min          11.2 us     send 1460B message, receive 1460B message minimum
echo1472.min          11.2 us     send 1472B message, receive 1472B message minimum
echo1484.min          11.2 us     send 1484B message, receive 1484B message minimum
echo1497.min          11.2 us     send 1497B message, receive 1497B message minimum
echo1509.min          11.3 us     send 1509B message, receive 1509B message minimum
echo1521.min          11.2 us     send 1521B message, receive 1521B message minimum
echo1534.min          11.2 us     send 1534B message, receive 1534B message minimum
echo1547.min          11.2 us     send 1547B message, receive 1547B message minimum
echo1559.min          11.2 us     send 1559B message, receive 1559B message minimum
echo1572.min          11.2 us     send 1572B message, receive 1572B message minimum
echo1585.min          11.2 us     send 1585B message, receive 1585B message minimum
echo1598.min          11.2 us     send 1598B message, receive 1598B message minimum
echo1611.min          11.2 us     send 1611B message, receive 1611B message minimum
echo1624.min          11.2 us     send 1624B message, receive 1624B message minimum
echo1637.min          11.3 us     send 1637B message, receive 1637B message minimum
echo1651.min          11.2 us     send 1651B message, receive 1651B message minimum
echo1664.min          11.2 us     send 1664B message, receive 1664B message minimum
echo1712.min          11.2 us     send 1712B message, receive 1712B message minimum
echo1762.min          11.3 us     send 1762B message, receive 1762B message minimum
echo1813.min          11.3 us     send 1813B message, receive 1813B message minimum
echo1865.min          11.4 us     send 1865B message, receive 1865B message minimum
echo1919.min          11.5 us     send 1919B message, receive 1919B message minimum
echo1975.min          11.5 us     send 1975B message, receive 1975B message minimum
echo2032.min          11.5 us     send 2032B message, receive 2032B message minimum
echo2091.min          11.4 us     send 2091B message, receive 2091B message minimum
echo2152.min          11.5 us     send 2152B message, receive 2152B message minimum
echo2214.min          11.5 us     send 2214B message, receive 2214B message minimum
echo2311.min          11.7 us     send 2311B message, receive 2311B message minimum
echo2412.min          11.9 us     send 2412B message, receive 2412B message minimum
echo2517.min          12.2 us     send 2517B message, receive 2517B message minimum
echo2627.min          12.5 us     send 2627B message, receive 2627B message minimum
echo2742.min          12.7 us     send 2742B message, receive 2742B message minimum
echo2862.min          12.9 us     send 2862B message, receive 2862B message minimum
echo2987.min          13.4 us     send 2987B message, receive 2987B message minimum
echo3118.min          13.5 us     send 3118B message, receive 3118B message minimum
echo3254.min          13.6 us     send 3254B message, receive 3254B message minimum
echo3396.min          13.7 us     send 3396B message, receive 3396B message minimum
echo3544.min          13.8 us     send 3544B message, receive 3544B message minimum
echo3699.min          14.1 us     send 3699B message, receive 3699B message minimum
echo3861.min          14.5 us     send 3861B message, receive 3861B message minimum
echo4030.min          14.9 us     send 4030B message, receive 4030B message minimum
echo4206.min          15.2 us     send 4206B message, receive 4206B message minimum
echo4390.min          15.6 us     send 4390B message, receive 4390B message minimum
echo4582.min          15.9 us     send 4582B message, receive 4582B message minimum
echo4783.min          16.1 us     send 4783B message, receive 4783B message minimum
echo4992.min          16.2 us     send 4992B message, receive 4992B message minimum
echo5210.min          16.7 us     send 5210B message, receive 5210B message minimum
echo5427.min          17.2 us     send 5427B message, receive 5427B message minimum
echo5652.min          17.7 us     send 5652B message, receive 5652B message minimum
echo5887.min          18.4 us     send 5887B message, receive 5887B message minimum
echo6132.min          18.5 us     send 6132B message, receive 6132B message minimum
echo6387.min          18.6 us     send 6387B message, receive 6387B message minimum
echo6653.min          19.2 us     send 6653B message, receive 6653B message minimum
echo6929.min          19.7 us     send 6929B message, receive 6929B message minimum
echo7217.min          20.4 us     send 7217B message, receive 7217B message minimum
echo7517.min          20.9 us     send 7517B message, receive 7517B message minimum
echo7830.min          21.1 us     send 7830B message, receive 7830B message minimum
echo9012.min          23.4 us     send 9012B message, receive 9012B message minimum
echo10373.min         25.8 us     send 10373B message, receive 10373B message minimum
echo11939.min         28.3 us     send 11939B message, receive 11939B message minimum
echo13741.min         31.0 us     send 13741B message, receive 13741B message minimum
echo15816.min         34.7 us     send 15816B message, receive 15816B message minimum
echo18203.min         38.5 us     send 18203B message, receive 18203B message minimum
echo20952.min         43.3 us     send 20952B message, receive 20952B message minimum
echo24115.min         48.5 us     send 24115B message, receive 24115B message minimum
echo27756.min         54.9 us     send 27756B message, receive 27756B message minimum
echo31946.min         61.8 us     send 31946B message, receive 31946B message minimum
echo32405.min         63.0 us     send 32405B message, receive 32405B message minimum
echo32871.min         63.2 us     send 32871B message, receive 32871B message minimum
echo33343.min         64.2 us     send 33343B message, receive 33343B message minimum
echo33822.min         65.4 us     send 33822B message, receive 33822B message minimum
echo34308.min         65.7 us     send 34308B message, receive 34308B message minimum
echo34801.min         66.6 us     send 34801B message, receive 34801B message minimum
echo35301.min         67.9 us     send 35301B message, receive 35301B message minimum
echo35808.min         68.2 us     send 35808B message, receive 35808B message minimum
echo36322.min         69.2 us     send 36322B message, receive 36322B message minimum
echo36844.min         70.4 us     send 36844B message, receive 36844B message minimum
echo37146.min         70.6 us     send 37146B message, receive 37146B message minimum
echo37450.min         70.9 us     send 37450B message, receive 37450B message minimum
echo37756.min         71.6 us     send 37756B message, receive 37756B message minimum
echo38065.min         72.3 us     send 38065B message, receive 38065B message minimum
echo38377.min         72.9 us     send 38377B message, receive 38377B message minimum
echo38691.min         73.1 us     send 38691B message, receive 38691B message minimum
echo39007.min         73.6 us     send 39007B message, receive 39007B message minimum
echo39327.min         74.3 us     send 39327B message, receive 39327B message minimum
echo39648.min         74.9 us     send 39648B message, receive 39648B message minimum
echo39973.min         75.4 us     send 39973B message, receive 39973B message minimum
echo40382.min         75.9 us     send 40382B message, receive 40382B message minimum
echo40796.min         76.7 us     send 40796B message, receive 40796B message minimum
echo41214.min         78.3 us     send 41214B message, receive 41214B message minimum
echo41636.min         78.6 us     send 41636B message, receive 41636B message minimum
echo42062.min         79.3 us     send 42062B message, receive 42062B message minimum
echo42493.min         80.3 us     send 42493B message, receive 42493B message minimum
echo42928.min         80.9 us     send 42928B message, receive 42928B message minimum
echo43367.min         81.1 us     send 43367B message, receive 43367B message minimum
echo43811.min         81.9 us     send 43811B message, receive 43811B message minimum
echo44260.min         82.9 us     send 44260B message, receive 44260B message minimum
echo44531.min         83.1 us     send 44531B message, receive 44531B message minimum
echo44804.min         83.4 us     send 44804B message, receive 44804B message minimum
echo45079.min         84.0 us     send 45079B message, receive 45079B message minimum
echo45356.min         84.6 us     send 45356B message, receive 45356B message minimum
echo45634.min         85.3 us     send 45634B message, receive 45634B message minimum
echo45913.min         85.4 us     send 45913B message, receive 45913B message minimum
echo46195.min         85.6 us     send 46195B message, receive 46195B message minimum
echo46478.min         86.2 us     send 46478B message, receive 46478B message minimum
echo46763.min         86.9 us     send 46763B message, receive 46763B message minimum
echo47050.min         87.7 us     send 47050B message, receive 47050B message minimum
echo47435.min         88.0 us     send 47435B message, receive 47435B message minimum
echo47823.min         88.5 us     send 47823B message, receive 47823B message minimum
echo48215.min         89.3 us     send 48215B message, receive 48215B message minimum
echo48609.min         90.2 us     send 48609B message, receive 48609B message minimum
echo49007.min         90.4 us     send 49007B message, receive 49007B message minimum
echo49408.min         91.2 us     send 49408B message, receive 49408B message minimum
echo49813.min         92.1 us     send 49813B message, receive 49813B message minimum
echo50221.min         92.8 us     send 50221B message, receive 50221B message minimum
echo50632.min         93.2 us     send 50632B message, receive 50632B message minimum
echo51046.min         94.0 us     send 51046B message, receive 51046B message minimum
echo52097.min         95.7 us     send 52097B message, receive 52097B message minimum
echo53169.min         97.7 us     send 53169B message, receive 53169B message minimum
echo54264.min         99.5 us     send 54264B message, receive 54264B message minimum
echo55381.min        101.3 us     send 55381B message, receive 55381B message minimum
echo56521.min        103.1 us     send 56521B message, receive 56521B message minimum
echo57684.min        105.3 us     send 57684B message, receive 57684B message minimum
echo58872.min        107.6 us     send 58872B message, receive 58872B message minimum
echo60084.min        109.3 us     send 60084B message, receive 60084B message minimum
echo61321.min        111.4 us     send 61321B message, receive 61321B message minimum
echo62583.min        113.4 us     send 62583B message, receive 62583B message minimum
echo63353.min        115.2 us     send 63353B message, receive 63353B message minimum
echo64132.min        116.1 us     send 64132B message, receive 64132B message minimum
echo64921.min        117.7 us     send 64921B message, receive 64921B message minimum
echo65720.min        118.8 us     send 65720B message, receive 65720B message minimum
echo66528.min        120.3 us     send 66528B message, receive 66528B message minimum
echo67347.min        121.7 us     send 67347B message, receive 67347B message minimum
echo68175.min        122.8 us     send 68175B message, receive 68175B message minimum
echo69014.min        124.6 us     send 69014B message, receive 69014B message minimum
echo69863.min        125.8 us     send 69863B message, receive 69863B message minimum
echo70722.min        127.6 us     send 70722B message, receive 70722B message minimum
echo71156.min        127.9 us     send 71156B message, receive 71156B message minimum
echo71592.min        128.8 us     send 71592B message, receive 71592B message minimum
echo72031.min        130.3 us     send 72031B message, receive 72031B message minimum
echo72473.min        130.4 us     send 72473B message, receive 72473B message minimum
echo72917.min        131.1 us     send 72917B message, receive 72917B message minimum
echo73364.min        132.0 us     send 73364B message, receive 73364B message minimum
echo73814.min        132.8 us     send 73814B message, receive 73814B message minimum
echo74266.min        133.3 us     send 74266B message, receive 74266B message minimum
echo74722.min        134.2 us     send 74722B message, receive 74722B message minimum
echo75180.min        135.2 us     send 75180B message, receive 75180B message minimum
echo75795.min        135.9 us     send 75795B message, receive 75795B message minimum
echo76416.min        137.3 us     send 76416B message, receive 76416B message minimum
echo77041.min        138.0 us     send 77041B message, receive 77041B message minimum
echo77672.min        139.3 us     send 77672B message, receive 77672B message minimum
echo78307.min        140.4 us     send 78307B message, receive 78307B message minimum
echo78948.min        141.4 us     send 78948B message, receive 78948B message minimum
echo79595.min        142.8 us     send 79595B message, receive 79595B message minimum
echo80246.min        143.6 us     send 80246B message, receive 80246B message minimum
echo80903.min        145.2 us     send 80903B message, receive 80903B message minimum
echo81565.min        145.8 us     send 81565B message, receive 81565B message minimum
echo83414.min        149.1 us     send 83414B message, receive 83414B message minimum
echo85305.min        152.7 us     send 85305B message, receive 85305B message minimum
echo87238.min        155.5 us     send 87238B message, receive 87238B message minimum
echo89216.min        159.5 us     send 89216B message, receive 89216B message minimum
echo91238.min        162.9 us     send 91238B message, receive 91238B message minimum
echo93306.min        166.1 us     send 93306B message, receive 93306B message minimum
echo95421.min        169.7 us     send 95421B message, receive 95421B message minimum
echo97584.min        173.2 us     send 97584B message, receive 97584B message minimum
echo99796.min        177.2 us     send 99796B message, receive 99796B message minimum
echo102058.min       180.7 us     send 102058B message, receive 102058B message minimum
echo103313.min       183.1 us     send 103313B message, receive 103313B message minimum
echo104584.min       185.5 us     send 104584B message, receive 104584B message minimum
echo105871.min       188.0 us     send 105871B message, receive 105871B message minimum
echo107173.min       189.8 us     send 107173B message, receive 107173B message minimum
echo108492.min       192.0 us     send 108492B message, receive 108492B message minimum
echo109826.min       194.2 us     send 109826B message, receive 109826B message minimum
echo111177.min       196.5 us     send 111177B message, receive 111177B message minimum
echo112545.min       198.8 us     send 112545B message, receive 112545B message minimum
echo113929.min       201.1 us     send 113929B message, receive 113929B message minimum
echo115331.min       203.5 us     send 115331B message, receive 115331B message minimum
echo116988.min       206.4 us     send 116988B message, receive 116988B message minimum
echo118669.min       209.4 us     send 118669B message, receive 118669B message minimum
echo120373.min       212.5 us     send 120373B message, receive 120373B message minimum
echo122103.min       215.7 us     send 122103B message, receive 122103B message minimum
echo123857.min       218.4 us     send 123857B message, receive 123857B message minimum
echo125636.min       221.1 us     send 125636B message, receive 125636B message minimum
echo127441.min       224.4 us     send 127441B message, receive 127441B message minimum
echo129272.min       227.7 us     send 129272B message, receive 129272B message minimum
echo131129.min       230.9 us     send 131129B message, receive 131129B message minimum
echo133013.min       233.8 us     send 133013B message, receive 133013B message minimum
echo135199.min       237.8 us     send 135199B message, receive 135199B message minimum
echo137421.min       241.4 us     send 137421B message, receive 137421B message minimum
echo139679.min       245.8 us     send 139679B message, receive 139679B message minimum
echo141975.min       249.2 us     send 141975B message, receive 141975B message minimum
echo144308.min       253.5 us     send 144308B message, receive 144308B message minimum
echo146680.min       257.4 us     send 146680B message, receive 146680B message minimum
echo149091.min       261.3 us     send 149091B message, receive 149091B message minimum
echo151541.min       266.0 us     send 151541B message, receive 151541B message minimum
echo154032.min       269.9 us     send 154032B message, receive 154032B message minimum
echo156563.min       274.0 us     send 156563B message, receive 156563B message minimum
echo159136.min       278.8 us     send 159136B message, receive 159136B message minimum
echo161752.min       283.5 us     send 161752B message, receive 161752B message minimum
echo164410.min       287.7 us     send 164410B message, receive 164410B message minimum
echo167112.min       292.2 us     send 167112B message, receive 167112B message minimum
echo169859.min       296.8 us     send 169859B message, receive 169859B message minimum
echo172651.min       301.6 us     send 172651B message, receive 172651B message minimum
echo175488.min       306.4 us     send 175488B message, receive 175488B message minimum
echo178373.min       311.4 us     send 178373B message, receive 178373B message minimum
echo181304.min       316.4 us     send 181304B message, receive 181304B message minimum
echo184284.min       321.9 us     send 184284B message, receive 184284B message minimum
echo186932.min       326.5 us     send 186932B message, receive 186932B message minimum
echo189618.min       331.3 us     send 189618B message, receive 189618B message minimum
echo192343.min       335.6 us     send 192343B message, receive 192343B message minimum
echo195107.min       340.2 us     send 195107B message, receive 195107B message minimum
echo197911.min       344.9 us     send 197911B message, receive 197911B message minimum
echo200755.min       349.8 us     send 200755B message, receive 200755B message minimum
echo203640.min       354.7 us     send 203640B message, receive 203640B message minimum
echo206566.min       359.7 us     send 206566B message, receive 206566B message minimum
echo209535.min       364.8 us     send 209535B message, receive 209535B message minimum
echo212546.min       369.9 us     send 212546B message, receive 212546B message minimum
echo215160.min       374.3 us     send 215160B message, receive 215160B message minimum
echo217805.min       379.2 us     send 217805B message, receive 217805B message minimum
echo220484.min       383.8 us     send 220484B message, receive 220484B message minimum
echo223195.min       388.3 us     send 223195B message, receive 223195B message minimum
echo225940.min       392.9 us     send 225940B message, receive 225940B message minimum
echo228718.min       397.6 us     send 228718B message, receive 228718B message minimum
echo231530.min       402.3 us     send 231530B message, receive 231530B message minimum
echo234377.min       407.2 us     send 234377B message, receive 234377B message minimum
echo237259.min       412.1 us     send 237259B message, receive 237259B message minimum
echo240177.min       417.1 us     send 240177B message, receive 240177B message minimum
echo244622.min       424.7 us     send 244622B message, receive 244622B message minimum
echo249150.min       432.4 us     send 249150B message, receive 249150B message minimum
echo253761.min       440.5 us     send 253761B message, receive 253761B message minimum
echo258458.min       448.6 us     send 258458B message, receive 258458B message minimum
echo263241.min       457.1 us     send 263241B message, receive 263241B message minimum
echo268113.min       464.9 us     send 268113B message, receive 268113B message minimum
echo273075.min       473.5 us     send 273075B message, receive 273075B message minimum
echo278129.min       482.4 us     send 278129B message, receive 278129B message minimum
echo283277.min       491.0 us     send 283277B message, receive 283277B message minimum
echo288520.min       500.0 us     send 288520B message, receive 288520B message minimum
echo302981.min       525.0 us     send 302981B message, receive 302981B message minimum
echo318166.min       550.5 us     send 318166B message, receive 318166B message minimum
echo334113.min       578.0 us     send 334113B message, receive 334113B message minimum
echo350858.min       606.4 us     send 350858B message, receive 350858B message minimum
echo368444.min       636.3 us     send 368444B message, receive 368444B message minimum
echo386910.min       668.6 us     send 386910B message, receive 386910B message minimum
echo406302.min       701.1 us     send 406302B message, receive 406302B message minimum
echo426666.min       736.3 us     send 426666B message, receive 426666B message minimum
echo448051.min       772.7 us     send 448051B message, receive 448051B message minimum
echo470507.min       812.1 us     send 470507B message, receive 470507B message minimum
echo492079.min       847.7 us     send 492079B message, receive 492079B message minimum
echo514641.min       887.0 us     send 514641B message, receive 514641B message minimum
echo538237.min       927.1 us     send 538237B message, receive 538237B message minimum
echo562914.min       968.8 us     send 562914B message, receive 562914B message minimum
echo588723.min         1.0 ms     send 588723B message, receive 588723B message minimum
echo615716.min         1.1 ms     send 615716B message, receive 615716B message minimum
echo643946.min         1.1 ms     send 643946B message, receive 643946B message minimum
echo673470.min         1.2 ms     send 673470B message, receive 673470B message minimum
echo704348.min         1.2 ms     send 704348B message, receive 704348B message minimum
echo736642.min         1.3 ms     send 736642B message, receive 736642B message minimum
echo754877.min         1.3 ms     send 754877B message, receive 754877B message minimum
echo773563.min         1.3 ms     send 773563B message, receive 773563B message minimum
echo792711.min         1.4 ms     send 792711B message, receive 792711B message minimum
echo812333.min         1.4 ms     send 812333B message, receive 812333B message minimum
echo832442.min         1.4 ms     send 832442B message, receive 832442B message minimum
echo853048.min         1.5 ms     send 853048B message, receive 853048B message minimum
echo874164.min         1.5 ms     send 874164B message, receive 874164B message minimum
echo895802.min         1.5 ms     send 895802B message, receive 895802B message minimum
echo917977.min         1.6 ms     send 917977B message, receive 917977B message minimum
echo940700.min         1.6 ms     send 940700B message, receive 940700B message minimum
echo1002039.min        1.7 ms     send 1002039B message, receive 1002039B message minimum
echo1067379.min        1.8 ms     send 1067379B message, receive 1067379B message minimum
echo1136978.min        2.0 ms     send 1136978B message, receive 1136978B message minimum
echo1211116.min        2.1 ms     send 1211116B message, receive 1211116B message minimum
echo1290088.min        2.2 ms     send 1290088B message, receive 1290088B message minimum
echo1374210.min        2.4 ms     send 1374210B message, receive 1374210B message minimum
echo1463817.min        2.5 ms     send 1463817B message, receive 1463817B message minimum
echo1559267.min        2.7 ms     send 1559267B message, receive 1559267B message minimum
echo1660940.min        2.8 ms     send 1660940B message, receive 1660940B message minimum
echo1769244.min        3.0 ms     send 1769244B message, receive 1769244B message minimum
echo1805665.min        3.1 ms     send 1805665B message, receive 1805665B message minimum
echo1842837.min        3.2 ms     send 1842837B message, receive 1842837B message minimum
echo1880773.min        3.2 ms     send 1880773B message, receive 1880773B message minimum
echo1919490.min        3.3 ms     send 1919490B message, receive 1919490B message minimum
echo1959005.min        3.4 ms     send 1959005B message, receive 1959005B message minimum
echo1999332.min        3.4 ms     send 1999332B message, receive 1999332B message minimum
echo2040490.min        3.5 ms     send 2040490B message, receive 2040490B message minimum
echo2082496.min        3.6 ms     send 2082496B message, receive 2082496B message minimum
echo2125366.min        3.6 ms     send 2125366B message, receive 2125366B message minimum
echo2169118.min        3.7 ms     send 2169118B message, receive 2169118B message minimum
echo2527289.min        4.3 ms     send 2527289B message, receive 2527289B message minimum
echo2944602.min        5.0 ms     send 2944602B message, receive 2944602B message minimum
echo3430822.min        5.9 ms     send 3430822B message, receive 3430822B message minimum
echo3997329.min        6.8 ms     send 3997329B message, receive 3997329B message minimum
echo4657379.min        8.0 ms     send 4657379B message, receive 4657379B message minimum
echo5426418.min        9.3 ms     send 5426418B message, receive 5426418B message minimum
echo6322443.min       10.8 ms     send 6322443B message, receive 6322443B message minimum
echo7366423.min       12.6 ms     send 7366423B message, receive 7366423B message minimum
echo8582787.min       14.7 ms     send 8582787B message, receive 8582787B message minimum
echo10000000.min      17.1 ms     send 10000000B message, receive 10000000B message minimum
